For the following requirements and assumptions pairs, please create test cases in JEST with JSDom - provide a single JS file and consider completing all tests, start the test name with R1, R2...etc. Make sure all tests are written and not mocked:

Requirement 1:
The application must be implemented using a single HTML file.
Assumption 1:
The HTML file will contain embedded CSS and JavaScript to create the entire application.

Requirement 2:
The application must allow users to add new site links as tiles.
Assumption 2:
There will be an input field for the site URL and a button to add new tiles.

Requirement 3:
Each tile must display a title for the linked site.
Assumption 3:
There will be an input field for users to enter the title of the site when adding a new tile.

Requirement 4:
Each tile must have a customizable background color.
Assumption 4:
There will be a color picker or input field for users to select or enter a background color for each tile.

Requirement 5:
The application must display 3 tiles per row.
Assumption 5:
The CSS will use a grid or flexbox layout to arrange the tiles in rows of 3.

Requirement 6:
Users must be able to click on a tile to open the linked site.
Assumption 6:
Each tile will be wrapped in an anchor tag (<a>) with the href attribute set to the site's URL.

Requirement 7:
The application must store the tiles' data in the browser's local storage.
Assumption 7:
JavaScript will be used to save and retrieve tile data from local storage.

Requirement 8:
The application must load saved tiles when the page is opened.
Assumption 8:
JavaScript will check for existing tile data in local storage and render tiles on page load.

Requirement 9:
Users must be able to delete existing tiles.
Assumption 9:
Each tile will have a delete button or icon that removes the tile from the display and local storage.

Requirement 10:
Users must be able to edit the title of existing tiles.
Assumption 10:
Each tile will have an edit button or icon that allows users to modify the title.

Requirement 11:
Users must be able to edit the background color of existing tiles.
Assumption 11:
Each tile will have a color picker or input field to change its background color.

Requirement 12:
The application must prevent the addition of duplicate URLs.
Assumption 12:
JavaScript will check if a URL already exists before adding a new tile.

Requirement 13:
The application must validate URLs before adding them as tiles.
Assumption 13:
JavaScript will use a regular expression or built-in URL validation to ensure entered URLs are valid.

Requirement 14:
The application must limit the length of displayed titles to prevent layout issues.
Assumption 14:
JavaScript will truncate long titles and add an ellipsis (...) if they exceed a certain character limit.

Requirement 15:
The application must have a search functionality to filter tiles.
Assumption 15:
An input field will be provided to allow users to search and filter tiles based on their titles.