For the following requirements and assumptions pairs, please create test cases in JEST with JSDom - provide a single JS file and consider completing all tests, start the test name with R1, R2...etc. Make sure all tests are written and not mocked:

Requirement 1:
The game must be implemented in a single HTML file using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Assumption 1:
The game's HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code will all be contained within a single index.html file.

Requirement 2:
The game must have a canvas element for rendering the game graphics.
Assumption 2:
The HTML file will include a <canvas> element with appropriate width and height attributes.

Requirement 3:
The game must have a ball that continuously bounces around the screen in all directions.
Assumption 3:
The ball's position will be updated every frame using JavaScript, and it will change direction upon hitting the canvas boundaries.

Requirement 4:
The game must have a player-controlled paddle that follows the mouse movement.
Assumption 4:
The paddle's x-position will be updated based on the mouse's x-position within the canvas, using a mousemove event listener.

Requirement 5:
The game must have a set of blocks at the top of the screen that can be destroyed by the ball.
Assumption 5:
An array of block objects will be created and rendered at the top of the canvas, each with properties for position, size, and visibility.

Requirement 6:
The game must end when the ball collides with the player's paddle.
Assumption 6:
Collision detection between the ball and paddle will trigger a game over state.

Requirement 7:
The player must win the game when all blocks are destroyed.
Assumption 7:
A win condition will be checked each time a block is destroyed, ending the game when no blocks remain.

Requirement 8:
The game must display the current score (number of blocks destroyed).
Assumption 8:
A score variable will be maintained and displayed on the canvas, updating when blocks are destroyed.

Requirement 9:
The game must have a "Game Over" screen when the player loses.
Assumption 9:
A game over state will display a message on the canvas when the ball collides with the paddle.

Requirement 10:
The game must have a "You Win" screen when the player destroys all blocks.
Assumption 10:
A win state will display a victory message on the canvas when all blocks are destroyed.

Requirement 11:
The game must have a restart functionality after game over or winning.
Assumption 11:
A restart function will reset all game variables and redraw the initial game state.

Requirement 12:
When blocks are destroyed, the score shall increase.
Assumption 12:
Increment the score by 1 for each block destroyed.
