For the following requirements and assumptions pairs, please create test cases in JEST with JSDom - provide a single JS file and consider completing all tests, start the test name with R1, R2...etc. Make sure all tests are written and not mocked:

Requirement 1:
The game must be implemented using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript in a single file.
Assumption 1:
The game logic, styling, and structure are contained within a single index.html file.

Requirement 2:
The game must have a 6x6 grid layout for the game board.
Assumption 2:
The game board is represented by a div element containing 16 cell elements.

Requirement 3:
The game must have a space-themed background implemented using CSS.
Assumption 3:
The body or a container element has a CSS background property having an image.

Requirement 4:
The game must allow players to move tiles using arrow keys.
Assumption 4:
The game listens for keydown events on the arrow keys (up, down, left, right) to trigger tile movements.

Requirement 5:
The game must merge tiles with the same number when they collide.
Assumption 5:
When two tiles with the same value move into each other, they combine into a single tile with double the value.

Requirement 6:
The game must generate a new tile with a value of either 2 or 4 after each move.
Assumption 6:
After each valid move, a new tile appears in an empty cell with a 90% chance of being a 2 and a 10% chance of being a 4.

Requirement 7:
The game must end and display a "You Win!" message when a tile with the value 2048 is created.
Assumption 7:
When a tile reaches the value of 2048, the game stops and a win message is displayed.

Requirement 8:
The game must end and display a "Game Over" message when no more moves are possible.
Assumption 8:
When all cells are filled and no adjacent tiles can be merged, the game stops and a game over message is displayed.

Requirement 9:
The game must display the current score.
Assumption 9:
There is a score element that updates with each tile merge, adding the value of the merged tile to the score.

Requirement 10:
The game must have a "New Game" button to reset the game state.
Assumption 10:
A button element with text "New Game" exists and, when clicked, resets the game board, score, and generates initial tiles.

Requirement 11:
The game must start with two randomly placed tiles on the board.
Assumption 11:
When the game initializes or is reset, two tiles (with values of either 2 or 4) are placed in random empty cells.
