For the following requirements and assumptions pairs, please create test cases in JEST with JSDom - provide a single JS file and consider completing all tests:

Requirement 1:
The game must be implemented in a single HTML file using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Assumption 1:
The game logic, styling, and structure are all contained within one index.html file.

Requirement 2:
The game must display 25 boxes representing floors of a hotel.
Assumption 2:
There will be 25 clickable div elements in a single column, each representing a floor and containing a number from 1 to 25.

Requirement 3:
The game must randomly select a floor number between 1 and 25 for the murderer's location.
Assumption 3:
JavaScript's Math.random() function will be used to generate a random number between 1 and 25.

Requirement 4:
Players must be able to click on the boxes to guess the murderer's location.
Assumption 4:
Each box will have a click event listener that triggers the guess checking logic.

Requirement 5:
The game must provide feedback after each guess.
Assumption 5:
After each click, the game will update the visual state of the clicked box and display a message to the player.

Requirement 6:
Correct guesses must turn the box background to dark red.
Assumption 6:
When the player clicks the correct box, its background color will be set to a dark red color (e.g., #8B0000).

Requirement 7:
Incorrect guesses must turn the box background to yellow with white text.
Assumption 7:
When the player clicks an incorrect box, its background color will be set to yellow and the text color to white.

Requirement 8:
The game must display a "higher" or "lower" hint for incorrect guesses.
Assumption 8:
The game will compare the guessed floor number with the murderer's floor and display an appropriate message.

Requirement 9:
The game must keep track of the number of turns taken by the player.
Assumption 9:
A variable will be used to count the number of guesses made by the player.

Requirement 10:
The game must display a win message with the number of turns taken when the correct floor is guessed.
Assumption 10:
When the player guesses correctly, a message will be displayed saying "You have found the murderer in N turns!".

Requirement 11:
The game must prevent further guesses after the correct floor is found.
Assumption 11:
After a correct guess, all click event listeners on the boxes will be removed or disabled.

Requirement 12:
The game must have a way to start a new game after completion.
Assumption 12:
There will be a "New Game" button that resets the game state and generates a new random floor for the murderer.

Requirement 13:
The game must display the range of possible floor numbers (1-25) to the player.
Assumption 13:
The game instructions or UI will clearly indicate that the floors range from 1 to 25.

Requirement 14:
The game must ensure that each floor number is unique and appears only once.
Assumption 14:
An array of numbers from 1 to 25 will be used to populate the floor boxes without duplication.