For the following requirements and assumptions pairs, please create test cases in JEST with JSDom - provide a single JS file and consider completing all tests:

Requirement 1:
The application must have a textarea for users to input items.
Assumption 1:
There is a textarea element with present in the HTML.

Requirement 2:
The application must have a button to initiate the wheel spin.
Assumption 2:
There is a button element present in the HTML.

Requirement 3:
The application must display a result after spinning the wheel.
Assumption 3:
There is a div element that will contain the spin result.

Requirement 4:
The application must create a visual representation of a wheel.
Assumption 4:
There is a div element that will contain the wheel visualization.

Requirement 5:
The application must split the input items into separate slices on the wheel.
Assumption 5:
There is a function that correctly splits the textarea input by newline characters.

Requirement 6:
Each slice of the wheel must have a randomly generated background color.
Assumption 6:
There is a function that returns a valid hexadecimal color code.

Requirement 7:
The wheel must rotate when the spin button is clicked.
Assumption 7:
There is a function that applies a rotation transform to the wheel element.

Requirement 8:
The application must display an error message if no items are entered.
Assumption 8:
There is a function that checks for empty input and updates the result div accordingly.

Requirement 9:
The wheel must have the same number of slices as input items.
Assumption 9:
The number of slice elements created matches the number of non-empty input lines.

Requirement 10:
Each slice must display the corresponding input item text.
Assumption 10:
Each slice contains a div with relevant class that displays the item text.

Requirement 11:
The wheel must stop spinning after a set duration.
Assumption 11:
There is a function that uses setTimeout to stop the spinning animation after a few seconds.

Requirement 12:
The application must select a random slice as the winner after spinning.
Assumption 12:
There is a function that function uses Math.random to select a winning slice index.

Requirement 13:
The result of the spin must be displayed after the wheel stops.
Assumption 13:
The resultDiv is updated with the winning item text after the spin animation completes.

Requirement 14:
The wheel must be recreated if new items are entered and the spin button is clicked.
Assumption 14:
There is a function that function calls the function to create a wheel if the slices array is empty.

Requirement 15:
The wheel must have a circular appearance.
Assumption 15:
The wheel div has a border-radius of 50% to create a circular shape.