For the following requirements and assumptions pairs, please create test cases in JEST with JSDom - provide a single JS file and consider completing all tests:

Requirement 1:
The game board must be a 6x6 grid.
Assumption 1:
The HTML will include a container element with 36 child elements representing the individual cells of the game board.

Requirement 2:
The game must start with a random number of lights switched on.
Assumption 2:
The JavaScript code will include a function to randomly initialize the game board state when the page loads.

Requirement 3:
Clicking a cell must toggle its state between on and off.
Assumption 3:
The click event handler will include logic to switch the clicked cell's state and update its visual appearance.

Requirement 4:
Clicking a cell must also toggle the state of adjacent cells (up, down, left, right).
Assumption 4:
The click event handler will include logic to identify and toggle the state of neighboring cells.

Requirement 5:
The game must detect when all lights are switched off.
Assumption 5:
There will be a function to check the game board state after each move and determine if all lights are off.

Requirement 6:
The game must display a victory message when all lights are switched off.
Assumption 6:
A victory message element will be included in the HTML and shown when the win condition is met.

Requirement 7:
The game must include a reset button to start a new game.
Assumption 7:
An HTML button element will be included with an onclick event to reset the game board.

Requirement 8:
The game must visually distinguish between on and off states for each cell.
Assumption 8:
CSS classes will be used to style the cells differently based on their on/off state.

Requirement 9:
The game must include a move counter to track the number of clicks.
Assumption 9:
A variable will be used to store the move count, and an HTML element will display this count.

Requirement 10:
The game must prevent further input once the victory condition is met.
Assumption 10:
The click event listeners will be disabled or ignored after the game is won.